So now that the application is finished and all the features are integrated, it's time for some final
polishing.
For example, there's one mistake I made in the chat screen.
Last super and state should go to the beginning of that function, to the beginning of that method,
I should say.
It's not super bad.
As you saw, everything works, but it is a better practice to call this first.
So make sure to put super in its state at the beginning in every in its state method you might have.
That's the first thing.
Now, in addition, here on the chat screen, it's hard to see here, but you might see it in your local
app.
There is a little gray bar at the bottom of this dropdown button here.
Now, if I go to the chat screen there, I have to drop down button.
There is an underlying option, an underlying argument which we can set, and you might think that this
takes a number to define the width of the line at the bottom.
But actually, once a widget that will be rendered, as I underline, and you see that by default,
that's a 020 with Bordin border with India and grayish color.
Now, even though it has this width, it seems like we're seeing it here.
So let's try setting this to an empty container.
If ANAO now safety's is entirely gone.
So now we don't have to agree border anymore.
So that's another fix that makes sense here.
Now, if we do log out, we also got some issues or some potential improvements here on this log in
or sign up for him.
So let's go to that of forum here.
The the forum generally works, but these text fields could be configured a bit differently.
For example, on the email field here, I'm not too happy with how it behaves with a real keyboard,
to be precise.
I want to turn off auto correction here.
I always find this annoying on email addresses when it tries to fix what you entered.
I always want to control the text capitalization, which means how it tries to turn certain characters
to uppercase characters and the dare.
I want to set this to text capitalization non, which means it's not going to capitalize anything.
And with edible suggestions, fault's I'll also turn off any suggestions here, because I also find
this annoying on email addresses.
Now on the username here, that's a bit different there.
I want all the correction.
I want capitalization on a word level so that words are capitalized, let's say.
And I still don't want suggestions, though.
And of course, you can pick different settings, but these are the settings I'm going to choose.
Now for the password, everything seemed to work correctly for me, so I won't change anything, dear.
Now, with that, let me log in real quick here.
And all the work on that message field down there, because by default, this will only produce lowercase
words.
So we'll go to that chat screen.
No, to the new message widget.
I mean, and there we have that text field and on the text field, all said text capitalization to text
capitalization, let's say.
Sentences all turn on order corrections.
And I will also turn on these suggestions, so any suggestions set to true?
And was that if that rebuilds and I reload this app, if I tap into this again, you see now it starts
with a capital character and then I can type and only if I end a sentence, it starts with a new capital
character.
So Dad looks better to me as well.
And then there is one last thing, which is hard to see if you restart the app entirely.
So if I kill this year.
And restart the app, we briefly see the login screen before we are forwarded to the chat screen, and
the reason for that simply is that the FIREBASE authentication package needs a couple of milliseconds
to find out whether we have a valid token or not.
So, of course, that's also not ideal.
And therefore, at a new screen, I'll add a splash screen, which is essentially a loading screen.
I want to show whilst the authentication package is figuring out what's going on.
So that can be a simple statelets widget, which will name splash screen and where we need to import
material, Dodge Dart.
And here I simply want to render a scaffold so that we have a nice background and so on, where as a
body I simply have some centered text, let's say so simply some tank centered text where we say loading.
And of course, you could also show a loading spinner instead or do whatever you want.
You can show whatever you want here and now.
The idea is that we can show this splash screen instead of the chat or off screen, if we don't know
yet if the user is authenticated.
So we can simply go to Main Dart.
And here, before we check whether we have data, we can check on our user snapshot if the connection
state is equal to connection state waiting, which means we're still figuring out whether the user is
authenticated or not.
And if it is waiting, we just return the splash screen here.
And of course, for dad, you need to import to splash screen into that main dart file.
So now with that, I'm going to rerun this application.
And kill it first and now when it launches this application here, we hopefully now see the splash screen
instead of the flickering off screen.
So let's see what we get here.
And that looks better to me, there was the loading text for a fraction of a second before we were forwarded
here.
Now, I think another tiny improvement is that on the splash screen, on this scaffold, we maybe also
set the background color to our main theme, color to our primary color so that we have like this pinkish
background color there as well.
So it can now kill this.
And rebuild and rerun this year, we should now see that splash screen actually has this pinkish background
color.
Now that will not be our main application startup launch screen.
I show how to configure that in the deployment section.
This really is just the YNAB screen, which is shown whilst we are waiting for the firebase off package
to figure out if the user is authenticated or not.
So that's something different.
Yeah.
And you can find you this however you want.
But I would say with that, we get all those improvements in place that really make this a great app
with a lot of nice features.